[IMP] crm: update plan activities (#5941)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/discuss/overview/plan_activities.rst

*chatter* on any record. On the popup window, select an :guilabel:`Activity Type` from the
drop-down.

.. tip::
   Individual applications will have a list of the *Activity Types* for that application. For
   example, to view and edit the activities available for the *CRM* application, go to
   :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Activity Types`.

Enter a title for the activity in the :guilabel:`Summary` field. To assign the activity to a
different user, select their name from the :guilabel:`Assigned to` drop-down. Otherwise, the user
creating the activity will be automatically assigned. Add any additional information in the
:guilabel:`Log a note...` field.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Due Date` will auto-populate based on the configuration settings for the selected
   activity type. This date can be changed by selecting a day on the calendar in the :guilabel:`Due
   Date` field.

Click :guilabel:`Schedule`.

.. image:: plan_activities/schedule-pop-up.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads and the option to schedule an activity.

.. note::
   Depending on the activity type, the :guilabel:`Schedule` button may be replaced by a

>    :guilabel:`Save` button.

Reviewer: Or an "open calendar" button for meetings

  planned activity in the chatter.
- If **Request Signature** is selected, a link will be added to the planned activity in the chatter
  that will open a signature request pop-up.

.. note::
   The actions available to select on an activity type will vary depending on the applications that
   are currently installed in the database.

Default user
~~~~~~~~~~~~

To automatically assign this activity to a specific user when this activity type is scheduled,
choose a name from the :guilabel:`Default User` drop-down. If this field is left blank, the activity
will be assigned to the user who creates the activity.

Default summary
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To include any notes every time this activity type is created, enter them into the
:guilabel:`Default Summary` field.

.. note::
   The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields will be
   included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
   scheduled or saved.

Next activity
-------------

To automatically suggest or trigger a new activity after an activity has been marked complete, the

> *Chaining Type* must be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*chaining type* must be set.
```

Suggest next activity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity`. The field
underneath will now be titled :guilabel:`Suggest`. Select any activities to recommend as follow-up
tasks to this activity type.

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` field, choose a default deadline for these activities. This can be
altered before the activity is scheduled.

Click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. figure:: plan_activities/schedule-recommended-activity.png
   :align: center

>    If an activity has the chaining type set to suggest, and has activities listed in the suggest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If an activity has the chaining type set to :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity`, and has activities listed in the suggest
```

Reviewer: Is this an ALT tag?

   field, users are presented with recommendations for activities as next steps.

Trigger next activity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Setting the *chaining type* to *Trigger* immediately launches the next activity once the previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the *chaining type* to *trigger* immediately launches the next activity once the previous
```

one is completed.

In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Trigger Next Activity`. The field
underneath will now be titled :guilabel:`Trigger`. Select the activity that should be launched once
this activity is completed.

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` field, choose a default deadline for these activities. This can be
altered before the activity is scheduled.

Click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. figure:: plan_activities/triggered-activities.png
   :align: center

>    When an activity has the chaining type set to trigger, marking the activity as Done immediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: When an activity has the chaining type set to trigger, marking the activity as Done immediately
```

Reviewer: This sentence could be before the image, that way the image isn't out of place. Modify alt tag

Author: Not an alt tag, its the caption

      Select a record on which to schedule an activity. Click on the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon,
      then :guilabel:`Schedule An Activity`.

    .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-kanban-activity.png
       :align: center
       :alt: Kanban view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

   .. tab:: List view

      Select a record on which to schedule an activity. Click on the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon,
      then :guilabel:`Schedule An Activity`. If the record already has an activity scheduled, the
      clock icon may be replaced by a :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` or an :guilabel:`✉️ (envelope)` icon.

    .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-list-activity.png
       :align: center
       :alt: List view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

   .. tab:: Activity view

      Select a record on which to schedule an activity. Move across the row to find the desired
      activity type, then click the :guilabel:`＋ (plus sign)`.

    .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-activity-view.png
       :align: center
       :alt: Activity view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

View scheduled activities
=========================

> To view scheduled activities, click the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon on the menu bar. Doing so opens
> the :guilabel:`Activities menu`. Activities are separated out by the application where they were
> created, and by deadline. Select an icon to see the activities for that specific application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view scheduled activities, click the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon, located to the far-right side of
the other view options.

Doing so opens the :guilabel:`Activities menu`, showcasing all the scheduled activities for the
user, by default. To show all activities for every user, remove the :guilabel:`My Pipeline` filter
from the search bar.

To view a consolidated list of activities separated by the application where they were created, and
by deadline. Click the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon on the header menu to see the activities for that
specific application in a drop-down menu.

The possibility to :guilabel:`Add new note` and :guilabel:`Request a Document` appear at the bottom
of this drop-down menu, when the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon on the header menu is clicked.
```

.. image:: plan_activities/activities-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads page emphasizing the activities menu.

Configure activity types
========================

To configure the types of activities in the database, go to :menuselection:`Settings application -->

> Activities --> Activity Types`.

Reviewer 2: In the 15.0 runbot I'm using for this review, the 'Activities' setting (with Activity Types link) is located in the Discuss section. However, in the screenshot being used, it appears to be right up top in a 'general settings' area. I can see that this is because 'Activities' was written in the search bar. So, perhaps, it would be beneficial to include that instruction (typing 'Activities' in the search bar) to match the screenshot. Or, maybe it would be best to describe how it would appear without doing that. Just something to consider.

Author: This originally started as a CRM focused doc, however since it is listed under discuss/productivity, I tried to make it more general with the thought that I could then go back and create a more specified CRM focused one.

.. image:: plan_activities/settings-activities-types.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the settings page emphasizing the menu activity types.

> To edit an existing activity type, select it from the list, then click :guilabel:`Edit`. To create a
> new activity type, click :guilabel:`Create`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Activity Types` page, where are existing activity types are found.

To edit an existing activity type, select it from the list, then click :guilabel:`Edit`. To create a
new activity type, click :guilabel:`Create`.
```

> Choose a :guilabel:`Name` for the new activity type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the top of a blank activity type form, start by choosing a :guilabel:`Name` for the new activity
type.
```

.. image:: plan_activities/new-activity-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New activity type form.

Activity settings
-----------------

Action
~~~~~~

> *Actions* specify the intent of the activity. Some actions trigger specific behavior after an
> activity is scheduled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Action* field specifies the intent of the activity. Some actions trigger specific behavior
after an activity is scheduled.
```

> - If either **Phonecall** or **Meeting** are selected, users will have the option to open their
>   calendar to schedule a time for this activity.
> - If **Upload Document** is selected, a link to upload a document will be added directly to the
>   planned activity in the chatter.
> - If **Request Signature** is selected, a link will be added to the planned activity in the chatter
>   that will open a signature request pop-up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If **Upload Document** is selected, a link to upload a document is added directly to the planned
  activity in the chatter.
- If either **Phonecall** or **Meeting** are selected, users have the option to open their calendar
  to schedule a time for this activity.
- If **Request Signature** is selected, a link is added to the planned activity in the chatter that
  opens a signature request pop-up window.
```
it might be best to explain the remaining options available on the Action drop-down menu, as well -- Reminder and Tax Report

.. note::

>    The actions available to select on an activity type will vary depending on the applications that
>    are currently installed in the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The actions available to select on an activity type vary, depending on the applications currently
   installed in the database.
```

Default user
~~~~~~~~~~~~

To automatically assign this activity to a specific user when this activity type is scheduled,

> choose a name from the :guilabel:`Default User` drop-down. If this field is left blank, the activity
> will be assigned to the user who creates the activity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
choose a name from the :guilabel:`Default User` drop-down menu. If this field is left blank, the
activity is assigned to the user who creates the activity.
```

Default summary
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To include any notes every time this activity type is created, enter them into the
> :guilabel:`Default Summary` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To include notes whenever this activity type is created, enter them into the :guilabel:`Default
Summary` field.
```

.. note::

>    The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields will be
>    included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
>    scheduled or saved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields are
   included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
   scheduled or saved.
```

Next activity
-------------

To automatically suggest or trigger a new activity after an activity has been marked complete, the

> *chaining type* must be set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Chaining Type` must be set.
```

Suggest next activity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity`. The field
> underneath will now be titled :guilabel:`Suggest`. Select any activities to recommend as follow-up
> tasks to this activity type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity`. Upon doing so, the
field underneath changes to: :guilabel:`Suggest`. Click the :guilabel:`Suggest` field drop-down menu
to select any activities to recommend as follow-up tasks to this activity type.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Would be beneficial to include why they may want to utilize the 'Email Templates' field beneath the 'Suggest' field before jumping into 'Schedule'

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` field, choose a default deadline for these activities. This can be
altered before the activity is scheduled.

Click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. figure:: plan_activities/schedule-recommended-activity.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Schedule activity popup with emphasis on recommended activities.

   If an activity has the chaining type set to suggest, and has activities listed in the Suggest
   field, users are presented with recommendations for activities as next steps.

Trigger next activity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Setting the *chaining type* to *trigger* immediately launches the next activity once the previous
one is completed.

In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Trigger Next Activity`. The field
underneath will now be titled :guilabel:`Trigger`. Select the activity that should be launched once
this activity is completed.

> 

Author: The email template field is only visible when a model is set, meaning it will only be visible for activity types created through a specific application, not the general settings. Since this doc is supposed to be more general I wanted to keep that option out of it for now, because I was worried that it would cause more confusion.

==========
Activities
==========

*Activities* are follow-up tasks tied to a record in an Odoo database. Activities can be scheduled

> on any page of the database that contains a chatter thread.

Reviewer: That is a screen shot from 16.4 though :)

Schedule activities
===================

Activities are created on a record through the *chatter*. To create an activity on a *CRM* lead, go
to the :menuselection:`Pipeline` and click on a :guilabel:`lead`.

Above the chatter, click :guilabel:`Schedule activity`. On the popup window, select an

> :guilabel:`Activity Type` from the drop down.

Reviewer: What types are available?

.. note::

>    The :guilabel:`Due Date` will auto-populate based on the configuration settings for the selected

Reviewer: CRM--> Config---> Activity Types

Reviewer: or Settings App --> Activities --> Activity Types

   activity type. This date can be changed by selecting a day on the calendar in the :guilabel:`Due
   Date` field.

Enter a title for the activity in the :guilabel:`Summary` field. To assign the activity to a
different user, select their name from the :guilabel:`Assigned to` drop-down. Otherwise, the user
creating the activity will be automatically assigned. Add any additional information in the
:guilabel:`Log a note...` field.

Click :guilabel:`Schedule`.

.. image:: plan_activities/schedule-pop-up.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of CRM leads and the option to schedule an activity.

Reviewer: Would be nice to see some highlights on this image :)

.. note::
   Depending on the activity type, the :guilabel:`Schedule` button may be replaced by a
   :guilabel:`Save` button.

> 

Reviewer: Also for meeting a calendar option is populated

Scheduled activities are added to the chatter for the record under :guilabel:`Planned activities`.

.. image:: plan_activities/chatter-activities.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of CRM leads and the option to schedule an activity.

Reviewer: This highlight is confusing, we are talking about the newly posted activity and "Schedule Activity" is highlighted.

      Select a record on which to schedule an activity. Click on the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon,
      then :guilabel:`Schedule An Activity`.

    .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-kanban-activity.png
       :align: center
       :alt: Kanban view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

   .. tab:: List view

      Select a record on which to schedule an activity. Click on the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon,
      then :guilabel:`Schedule An Activity`. If the record already has an activity scheduled, the
      clock icon may be replaced by a :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` or an :guilabel:`✉️ (envelope)` icon.

    .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-list-activity.png
       :align: center
       :alt: List view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

   .. tab:: Activity view

      Select a record on which to schedule an activity. Move across the row to find the desired
      activity type, then click the :guilabel:`＋ (plus sign)`.

    .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-activity-view.png
       :align: center
       :alt: Activity view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

View scheduled activities
=========================

> To view scheduled activities, click the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon on the menu bar. Doing so opens

Reviewer: Only the activities for the user will show up here...

the :guilabel:`Activities menu`. Activities are separated out by the application where they were
created, and by deadline. Select an icon to see the activities for that specific application.

.. image:: plan_activities/activities-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads page emphasizing the activities menu.

This opens the :guilabel:`My Activities` list. Click on the icon in the :guilabel:`Next Activity`
column to view details on the scheduled activity, or to schedule an additional activity. To delay

> the current activity's deadline by a week, click :guilabel:`Snooze 7d`.

Reviewer: on the far right

.. image:: plan_activities/my-activities-list.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads page emphasizing the activities menu.

> To filter the list by overdue activities, use the :guilabel:`Filters` dropdown below the search bar.

Reviewer: This is very vaugue

Configure activity types
========================

To configure the types of activities in the database, go to :menuselection:`Settings application -->

> Activity Types`.

Reviewer: Settings App ---> Activities --> Activity Types

.. image:: plan_activities/settings-activities-types.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the settings page emphasizing the menu activity types.

.. tip::
   Individual applications will have a list of the *Activity Types* for that application. For
   example, to view and edit the activities available for the *CRM* application, go to
   :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Activity Types`.

To edit an existing activity type, select it from the list, then click :guilabel:`Edit`. To create a

> new activity type, click :guilabel:`Create`.

Reviewer: If you're forward porting this doc-- may be helpful to word-- If applicable, then click edit.....

Choose a :guilabel:`Name` for the new activity type.

.. image:: plan_activities/new-activity-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New activity type form.

> Activity Settings

Reviewer: Activity settings

-----------------

To automatically assign this activity to a specific user when this activity type is scheduled,
choose a name from the :guilabel:`Default User` drop-down. If this field is left blank, the activity
will be assigned to the user who creates the activity.

To include any notes every time this activity type is created, enter them into the
:guilabel:`Default Summary` field.

.. note::
   The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields will be
   included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
   scheduled or saved.

> Action

Reviewer: Why don't you cover the options in chronological order? Action is first imo.

~~~~~~

*Actions* specify the intent of the activity. Some actions trigger specific behavior after an
activity is scheduled.

- If either **Phonecall** or **Meeting** are selected, users will have the option to open their
  calendar to schedule a time for this activity.
- If **Upload Document** is selected, a link to upload a document will be added directly to the
  planned activity in the chatter.
- If **Request Signature** is selected, a link will be added to the planned activity in the chatter
  that will open a signature request pop-up.

.. note::
   The actions available to select on an activity type will vary depending on the applications that
   are currently installed in the database.

> Next Activity

Reviewer: Next activity

-------------

To automatically suggest or trigger a new activity after an activity has been marked complete, the
*Chaining Type* must be set.

> Suggest Next Activity

Reviewer: Suggest next activity

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity`. The field
underneath will now be titled :guilabel:`Suggest`. Select any activities to recommend as follow-up
tasks to this activity type.

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` field, choose a default deadline for these activities. This can be
altered before the activity is scheduled.

> Click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: ....if required.

.. figure:: plan_activities/schedule-recommended-activity.png
   :align: center

> 

Reviewer: alt tag

>    When an activity has the chaining type set to suggest, users are presented with recommendations

Reviewer: Not seeing this in saas-15.2

   for activities as next steps.

> Trigger Next Activity

Reviewer: Trigger next activity

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Setting the *chaining type* to *Trigger* immediately launches the next activity once the previous
one is completed.

In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Trigger Next Activity`. The field
underneath will now be titled :guilabel:`Trigger`. Select the activity that should be launched once
this activity is completed.

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` field, choose a default deadline for these activities. This can be
altered before the activity is scheduled.

> Click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: if required

.. figure:: plan_activities/triggered-activities.png

>    :align: center

Reviewer: needs alt tag.

.. image:: plan_activities/activities-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of CRM leads page emphasizing the activities menu.

Configure activity types
========================

To configure the types of activities in the database, go to :menuselection:`Settings application -->
Discuss --> Activities --> Activity Types`.

.. image:: plan_activities/settings-activities-types.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the settings page emphasizing the menu activity types.

Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Activity Types` page, where are existing activity types are found.

To edit an existing activity type, select it from the list, then click :guilabel:`Edit`. To create a
new activity type, click :guilabel:`Create`.

At the top of a blank activity type form, start by choosing a :guilabel:`Name` for the new activity
type.

.. image:: plan_activities/new-activity-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New activity type form.

Activity settings
-----------------

Action
~~~~~~

The *Action* field specifies the intent of the activity. Some actions trigger specific behavior
after an activity is scheduled.

> - If **Upload Document** is selected, a link to upload a document is added directly to the planned
>   activity in the chatter.
> - If either **Phonecall** or **Meeting** are selected, users have the option to open their calendar
>   to schedule a time for this activity.
> - If **Request Signature** is selected, a link is added to the planned activity in the chatter that
>   opens a signature request pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If :guilabel:`Upload Document` is selected, a link to upload a document is added directly to the
  planned activity in the chatter.
- If either :guilabel:`Phonecall` or :guilabel:`Meeting` are selected, users have the option to open
  their calendar to schedule a time for this activity.
- If :guilabel:`Request Signature` is selected, a link is added to the planned activity in the
  chatter that opens a signature request pop-up window.
```

.. note::
   The actions available to select on an activity type vary, depending on the applications currently
   installed in the database.

Default user
~~~~~~~~~~~~

To automatically assign this activity to a specific user when this activity type is scheduled,
choose a name from the :guilabel:`Default User` drop-down menu. If this field is left blank, the
activity is assigned to the user who creates the activity.

Default summary
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To include notes whenever this activity type is created, enter them into the :guilabel:`Default
Summary` field.

.. note::
   The information in the :guilabel:`Default User` and :guilabel:`Default Summary` fields are
   included when an activity is created. However, they can be altered before the activity is
   scheduled or saved.

Next activity
-------------

> To automatically suggest or trigger a new activity after an activity has been marked complete, the
> :guilabel:`Chaining Type` must be set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To automatically suggest, or trigger, a new activity after an activity has been marked complete, the
:guilabel:`Chaining Type` must be set.
```

Suggest next activity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, select :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity`. Upon doing so, the
field underneath changes to: :guilabel:`Suggest`. Click the :guilabel:`Suggest` field drop-down menu
to select any activities to recommend as follow-up tasks to this activity type.

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` field, choose a default deadline for these activities. To do so,
configure a desired number of :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, or :guilabel:`Months`. Then,
decide if it should occur :guilabel:`after completion date` or :guilabel:`after previous activity
deadline`.

This :guilabel:`Schedule` field information can be altered before the activity is scheduled.

When all configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. figure:: plan_activities/schedule-recommended-activity.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Schedule activity popup with emphasis on recommended activities.

   If an activity has the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` set to :guilabel:`Suggest Next Activity`, and
   has activities listed in the :guilabel:`Suggest` field, users are presented with recommendations

>    for activities as next steps.

Reviewer 2: Is this portion intended to be indented like this? Is it part of an admonition? Just thought it was worth pointing out, in case this wasn't intentional.

next activity once the previous one is completed.

If :guilabel:`Trigger Next Activity` is selected in the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` field, the field
beneath changes to: :guilabel:`Trigger`. From the :guilabel:`Trigger` field drop-down menu, select
the activity that should be launched once this activity is completed.

In the :guilabel:`Schedule` field, choose a default deadline for these activities. To do so,
configure a desired number of :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, or :guilabel:`Months`. Then,
decide if it should occur :guilabel:`after completion date` or :guilabel:`after previous activity
deadline`.

This :guilabel:`Schedule` field information can be altered before the activity is scheduled.

When all configurations are complete, click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. figure:: plan_activities/triggered-activities.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Schedule new activity popup with emphasis on Done and launch next button.

   When an activity has the :guilabel:`Chaining Type` set to :guilabel:`Trigger Next Activity`,
   marking the activity as `Done` immediately launches the next activity listed in the

>    :guilabel:`Trigger` field.

Reviewer 2: Same question re: indentation...

   example, to view and edit the activities available for the *CRM* application, go to
   :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Activity Types`.

Enter a title for the activity in the :guilabel:`Summary` field, located in the :guilabel:`Schedule
Activity` pop-up window.

To assign the activity to a different user, select a name from the :guilabel:`Assigned to` drop-down
menu. Otherwise, the user creating the activity is automatically assigned.

Lastly, feel free to add any additional information in the optional :guilabel:`Log a note...` field.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Due Date` field on the :guilabel:`Schedule Activity` pop-up window auto-populates
   based on the configuration settings for the selected activity type. However, this date can be
   changed by selecting a day on the calendar in the :guilabel:`Due Date` field.

Lastly, click one of the following buttons:

- :guilabel:`Schedule`: Adds the activity to the chatter under :guilabel:`Planned activities`.
- :guilabel:`Mark as Done`: Adds the details of the activity to the chatter under :guilabel:`Today`.
  The activity is not scheduled, it is automatically marked as completed.

> - :guilabel:`Done & Schedule Next`: Adds the task under :guilabel:`Today` marked as done, and opens

Reviewer 3: cc: @samueljlieber

      .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-list-activity.png
         :align: center
         :alt: List view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

   .. tab:: Activity view

      To open the activity view for an application, select the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon from the
      menu bar anywhere in the database. Select any application from the drop-down menu, and click
      the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon for the desired app.

      .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-activity-view-menu.png
         :align: center
         :alt: Activity menu drop down with focus on where to open activity view for CRM.

      Select a record on which to schedule an activity. Move across the row to find the desired
      activity type, then click the :guilabel:`＋ (plus sign)`.

      .. image:: plan_activities/schedule-activity-view.png
         :align: center
         :alt: Activity view of the CRM pipeline and the option to schedule an activity.

.. note::
   Activity colors, and their relation to an activity's due date, is consistent throughout Odoo,
   regardless of the activity type, or the view.

>       - Activities that appear in **green** indicate a due date sometime in the future.
>       - **Yellow** indicates that the activity's due date is today.
>       - **Red** indicates that the activity is overdue and the due date has passed.

Reviewer 4: Small indentation fix
```suggestion
   - Activities that appear in **green** indicate a due date sometime in the future.
   - **Yellow** indicates that the activity's due date is today.
   - **Red** indicates that the activity is overdue and the due date has passed.
```
